c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\mallet.exe.config
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\mallet.exe
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\mallet.pdb
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\NHazm.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\stanford-postagger.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\maltparser-1.8.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\log4j.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\liblinear-1.8.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\libsvm.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Jdbc.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Misc.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\NHazm.pdb
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\obj\Debug\mallet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\obj\Debug\mallet.exe
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\obj\Debug\mallet.pdb
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Tools.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Bind.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Crypto.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Parse.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Transform.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.WebServices.dll
c:\users\maryam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mallet\mallet\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.XPath.dll
